Post-Exploitation Enumeration
Now that we have a shell on Zora,
let’s collect some general information
about the host to see what we can learn.
Let’s start by checking the
flavor of Linux that is running.
Alpine Linux is a security-oriented
Linux distribution
based on mussel libc and busybox.
This is useful information
and reveals that the server
will likely not have very many
services or applications running.
Anything out of the ordinary
might be a good target
so let’s continue to collect information.
The proc version file tells us that the
distro was built in October of 2019.
Other than that, we can take note of
the kernel version and move forward.
Let’s have a look at the
environment variables.
Unfortunately, the environment
variables don’t tell us much.
Looking at the running processes
also does not reveal
any useful information on
what we could exploit.
Let’s run netstat to see if we
have access to any new ports
not exposed from the
sandbox external network.
Unfortunately the open ports don’t provide
us with any new information either.
Let’s check the filesystem.
The contents of /etc/fstab
are interesting.
A share is mounted from
the 10.5.5.20 host.
Let’s poke around the scripts
share and see what we can find.
We seem to have discovered a set of
credentials in the system report file
for a user named alex.
We also seem to have found
the name of the target
where the share is
mounted, “Poultry”.
Looking at the type of
scripts in this directory
and taking into account that the user
seems to be a part of the “sandbox” domain
we might be looking at
a Windows computer.